Koreans commute a lot so their public transportation is heavily used.
Seoul Metro map seems to be a web on my first contact.
Sometimes I found it difficult for transfer.
The stations are so huge though that you have to walk and walk and climb some stairs.
At times there was quite a bit of walking when I had to transfer lines and this involved going up and down lots of stairs or escalators.
There were elevators but hard to find.
It was frowned upon to talk on the phone.
It can get crowded and Koreans aren't the most personable on public transportation.
The subway lines in Seoul is confusing and it is hard to understand as it is all written in Seoul language.
Wait times sometimes can be a little long.
There is alot of walking that one needs to do.
Lots of climbing of stairs, and as I was travelling with elderly people, it gets very tiring for them and can be really inconvenient.
It can be difficult to overcome the language barrier.
Rush hours very crowded.
Walking long distance is required especially when changing lines.
It can be confusing too as there are lots of lines and exits.
A bit confusing at first.
Owing to the fact that there are 9 lines criss-crossing all over Seoul, the subway map makes for difficult reading. 
Seoul metro have to walk for so long to change the line and It's not convenient for handicap or old people at all.
Seoul Metro network is big and complicated, and some interchange is confusing.
Some stations without lifts, you need to drag your baggage up to street level by staircase.
Not all stations have lifts or escalators so dragging your luggage around will be tiring.
Beware of different train serving the same line.
Walk so long every stop.
The Seoul metro is so complicated.
Not Stroller friendly at all.
I really suffered, since almost all train access are by stairs, and whenever there is an elevator, its out of service.
People are so rude and ill mannered, they push and bang into you without pardoning themselves or apologize for tripping you over. We always give way but no thank yous either.
Take the taxi instead as you only get pushed on the streets and not subway also. In fact, the cab is cheap as well.
I'm not for the first time in Seoul. But always I have several time problems to understand were I should go to get to the right place.
Had difficulty with metro transport due to there is only Korean language indicated. 
There are sometimes escalators but most of the stations do not have elevators, or no elevators to the street.
Not Handicap Friendly.
A lot of walking and each station is 3-4 storey high, walking up is painful. lack of travelator or elevator are slow.
Not very frequent and no escalators so hard to drag your luggage.
Most of the stations I've been to in Seoul are really difficult for handicaped.
Hard to find, absent elevators and escalators. Not stroller or power chair accessable.
Many of the restrooms don't have their own toilet paper roll. Freezing Cold water to wash your hands with and a terribly contagious public bar soap, instead of liquid soap dispensers.
The underground stations are not signed in English. You only see a flight of stairs going downwards when you approached one. Even so, the writing in Korean was on the concrete slap and small words in English.
Most undergrounds have so many exits which made it very confusing and it could go on for half a mile.
They have the same names of the undergrounds on a different line.
The underground stations are not staff and there is someone on the information kiosk.
Not convenient at all.
If getting lost, poor signage and tricky routes are your idea of a good time, then Seoul has got exactly what you are looking for. As for me, I thought it was unbelievably difficult.
By the time we reached the platform, we were so tired that we needed to sit down but quite often there were no benches.
The subway is always packed with people.
Our feet still hurt today after coming back a few days ago.
Protection doors in the platforms to avoid falls in the rails.
Names of the stations in Korean and Western characters.
I don't really get how the metro is an attraction that someone would want to see. It's great for getting around Seoul, but that's all.
Got pushed into the train during peak hour.
I stood aside to wait for the next train but the koreans just shoved me into the damn train. I almost fell down.
Signage is confusing. 
What could be a great system is let down by appalling manners of passengers: pushing , shoving, yelling, cutting in line, epic free for all.
It would be awesome if not for appealing manners and aggressive, in your face racism of people there.
If you use wheelchairs I can said that please don't choose to live around Myeongdong, the station mostly have stairs.
The metro stopped at the midnight.
The train stations themselves are very confusing, with signs that are not very useful in guiding you to the correct direction properly.
Trains are really crowded and not very clean as well.
Train lines maps in trains have really small fonts and are very cluttered.
Sometimes can be very tricky to find the right way, strange connections.
I travel all over the world and this metro was the most confusing for me. Finding the metro is very difficult as signage is random at best.
Also the cards we bought malfunctioned almost every time we tried to use them.
Having ridden the subway in many major cities including Moscow, Paris, Hong Kong, and New York, I have to say that the subway in Seoul is one of the more miserable public transit options in the world.
I have never experienced quite as much shoving and pushing and violations of personal space as I have on the subway in Seoul.
In my nine days there, not a single person ever said anything resembling excuse me as they pushed past me, and more than once stepping on my feet.
Every Korean locals rushed for seats on metro and pushed people out from them.
Passengers are very rude and lack of respect for space.
I was disappointed with the seoul metro with so many steps and few escalators in some stations.
Too many people.
They didnt say sorry.
They liked to look at us as like monkeys.
Too many stairs to climb.
Very few escalators and lift available.
The sign board is misleading.
Prefer to walk if the destination is one station away.
Take a taxi instead.
I won't be trying this again.
I took the subway from Seoul station to Insadong. It was very chaotic at Seoul station.
Lots of people treated the system, they either jumped over the gate or went through below it, without paying a dime.
I saw at least 10 people treated, including older people and mothers with her children.
Too complicated, need to have training course of metro lines.
They don't mention the route in each door of the metro.
North side of river is not stroller friendly.
My difficulties began when I was traveling with my young boys and had to change lines. There are elevators but they take you to the very top floor where you have to exit and reenter and then take a different elevator to the correct floor for the line you're trying to connect to.
Very few escalators and they are always being serviced.
There was little ventilation, and it was generally stuffy especially at the platforms. It did not help that it was summer and the air outside is hot and still.
There was no respite from the heat in the subway. It was in fact stuffier in the subway.
The stations are mostly not air conditioned.
Escalators are mostly not working.
Expect to climb a lot of stairs.
Subway stations are rather filthy.
Trash or food left around bench and corner.
Floor is covered with black spot.
The locals tend to cut queue or push others away when entering or leaving train but after that they will just stand and block the entrance or stair top.
Station info booth, are often found empty. Probably that's why we saw drunks climbing over toll occasionally.
Sign is quite unclear especially the elevator sign.
Not every stations are equipped with escalators.
The sign can be very confusing in some of the station.
Some stations has multiple levels, some lifts bring you to a level that has next lift to bring you the another level.
I don't like metro, and also there is too many exits, levels, nothing special inside.
I find it really hard to find way to your home in this metro.
There is some markets underground, but the same have all other metro all over the world.
Use it only if you have to.
Busy and the walkways to and from the stations were dirty and smelly.
Limited English Wrtings.
We put not friendly behavior of Koreans against foreign tourists in a corner. There must be English words on the Metro Stations at least.
I wasn't aware that people do not wait in line to get on the metro.
People keeping on cutting in front of me.
Need to walk for a long distance when transfer to another line. Better to take taxi or bus.
Just pay attention to the signs inside the cars. Some of them were not working.
It was fairly cheap but there are many different subway lines, so it can get confusing.
I was always able to find someone in the stations to help me find my destination on the subway map to buy my tickets for one.
I just paid as I went, but there are different tourist or day passes available.
There were elevators but hard to find, so if you tire easily from walking, you might find taxis a better option.
Careful of the number 9 line around rush hour as it gets really packed and hot.
A lot of people and English station name come very shortly.
It will be better to have more information which station is we are arrived.
I had to exit out of the maze of exits.
The notice board is hard of understanding. The cost fee is more expensive than Singapore metro.
Some exits of the stations are not connected to tourist sites and the directions are not clear.
It is very difficult to find staff at stations to seek help when you encounter problems such as the ticket doesn't work.
The exit maps can at times be a bit misleading.
Some of these metros also have huge malls built in between them, making it difficult to navigate around.
If you are taking the older trains they do not have English.
Most phone applications are confusing considering the learning curve of the app and the probability of the language settings within.
You'll need some time to figure out how the lines connect, so allow for sufficient traveling time. 
Lots of stairs, be informed.
It gets really confusing on how much you have to pay based on where you're going.
If you don't speak Korean then allow extra minutes for being able to decipher the signs and work the interactive kiosk.
There should be staff available to help tourists. As everything is written in Korean and very few people understand English.
The subway lines map are not English friendly, the wordings are printed so small that you almost need a magnifying glass.
Always count the number of stations, the English announcement is always at the very last minute.
Be very alert when transfering at the interchange.
You could end up on wrong side of the line if you aren't alert.
People will just push you if they need to get through, the locals do not say or sound out anything like excuse me.
The train station design isn't friendly for elderly and disabled.
From and to the airport, it is better to use airport bus than the subway, the subway stations are not luggage friendly.
Metro in seoul is a bit confusing.
Too much only Korean announcement everywhere in Korea, so have to be alert of any changes.
The exit number and tourist destination does not have good matching system.
It is so confusing that even the locals are asking for directions.
They certainly do not make it easier for old folks.
I can't even count the number of times I've gone the wrong way or entered the wrong turnstile. Very frustrating.
It is not baby stroller friendly enough, have to carry the stroller up and down the stairs.
The network is quite confusing initially.
Slow, hot and freakin long wait and expensive compared to other countries.
The metro is reliable, but it was dirty and not well cared for.
The stops were very crowded and filled with vendors.
Everything is just only in Korean, absolutely no English.
