Best Subway system around.
Excelent way to move a round the city.
Very nice network and working stations.
Information personnel are very helpfully and helps you to get right location and right ticket.
We had T-card which works for many different public transportation vehicles even bicycles.
If you buy a T money card is really easy to use. You add as much as you want. 
The metro is clean, frequent and spacious.
Easy, accessible, great running times, regular, clean, English signage, safe, modern.
Seoul has the best subway system in the world. 
Traveling to the airport is simple.
I hope you all enjoy yourself as much as I did using the public transport system.
It was easy to get around but a lot of lines.
I highly recommend it to be the best way for moving around seoul.
The stations are neat and clean.
It can take you anywhere loved the experience.
Best subway ever! Loved the arrangement of lines, the schedule is awesome, suitable for first-time visitors, safety level.
Children can access to it easily.
Tourist-friendly as the guidelines, schedule and announcements are conveyed in three languages. Korean, English and Japanese.
The metro system is crowded but I found it to be very efficient and easy to get around.
A lot of the destination signs are in English but I learned how to read Hangul and got my own map of the rails to get where I wanted from anywhere.
Very nice network and working stations.
Always on time and clean.
Easiest mode of transportation especially during busy traffic hours.
Such an efficient system and use of space with markets in the subway stations
Trains were also practically always on time and ready to pick up passengers.
No long wait times like in other cities. Used this subway more than taxi service.
The public transportation system in Seoul is superb, it will take you to all the destinations conveniently.
The metro is fast, efficient and clean.
Its ticket dispensing machines are easy to understand and navigate.
Its metro police are helpful and polite.
Excellent metro, cheap, clean, WiFi, vending ticket machines with English language option, helpful staff and volunteers.
It is one of the most developed and well organized subway system in Asia.
It is a standard system with clear sign board in korea language and English.
It is also quiet and there are elevators to use as needed.
Now pregnant, I was really happy about the ease of finding elevators to avoid those long flights of stairs.
A big plus for the clean toilets that were on many stations.
Cheap way to get around Seoul.
I was always able to find someone in the stations to help me find my destination on the subway map to buy my tickets for one-way rides.
I just paid as I went, but there are different tourist or day passes available.
The Express Airport Train has comfortable reserved seats, special racks for your luggage, and signage that makes it clear where you are at all times.
I can't imagine a better way of traveling to downtown Seoul.
I think one of the best mass transportation in the world.
Very efficient. Signs are very helpful and you will never get lost.
It's almost connected to most of the tourist attractions like Dongdaemun Design Plaza, Cheonggyecheon Stream, Myeongdong Street, Lotte Mart, etc.
Very convenient to purchase and load money on your T MONEY card in convenience stores or in the airport before traveling.
The metro is very efficient with up to the minute time of arrival.
Super convenient to get to anywhere with the metro.
Well, generally the public transport in Seoul is amazing and efficient.
I especially am amused by the sound of a trumpet playing at the station right before the train arrives.
Easy to use once you get the hang of it.
Economical if used with a T Money which can be bought from convenience stores and vending machines in the stations.
I didn't even use a taxi. The metro takes you anywhere and is very cheap.
Now I understand why South Koreans use it. Is very convenient.
Very accurate times, hardly ever late.
English signs everywhere and colour coordinated.
The Seoul metro is as easy and clean as any I've seen in the world.
Quite straightforward, safe and efficient.
Used it to travel around the city, with good signage in English.
Trains are very spacious and air conditioned, with typical fare being 1350 Won for a single journey. 
It's a big system, so journeys can be lengthy, but a great way to avoid the inevitable downtown traffic jams.
Seoul metro really is one of the best subway.
Fast, lots of station, lots of subway lines, ultimately safe with the existance of the platform screen and very easy for foreigners to use even for those who don't understand korean.
The Seoul mertro is very easy to access.
You can change any different line without worry.
You just need to use the T-meony card.
Comfortable, easy to use and ride, and cheap.
Very good way to get around the city. Didn't get lost once.
I use the Metro App and I find it incredibly helpful. I've been also impressed by the sculptures game design of all the different metro stops.
Seoul Subway system is an amazing spider cob web of tracks that pretty much take you to every crevice and corner of Seoul with pace and efficiency.
Absolutely loved it.
Easy to navigate and plenty of English signage.
We did stuff up one trip where we took the wrong line and direction, but on the whole the system is great.
It is clean, trains come every few minutes and on nearly every train we caught there were announcements visually and over audio of which station was coming up next and where it connects to.
Subway is convenient and are busy with local travellers.
Travelled with convenience within the subway lines.
Easy to go to places of interest within minutes.
Easy, efficient and reasonable prices to get around Seoul area.
Don't hesitate to use public transportation in Seoul.
Very easy to understand, efficient and extremely safe.
One of the easiest systems around.
Station numbering helps a lot.
Get a T-money card from any convenience store, will save you money in the long run.
After we explore the subway lines. It is very convenient as they have English translations on the name of the station as well.
I love seoul metro so much. It is so easy to get anywhere in seoul.
I love how their tourist guide also provide the metro map, and the details stops for each attractions.
I was travelling by self and never get lost once i understand the metro map.
The only hassle is sometimes we have to walk quite far to change the lanes.
It is safe even at night. I travelled 10 pm and still feel safe.
I also love the shops they have in metro stations, sometime you can get good cheap things.
Best mode of transport getting around. Get a stored value card and if you fall short on value, there are fare adjustments kiosks just at the turnstiles which you could use to top up the card.
Very easy to use. English language available.
Very clean and safe metro system.
The system is easy to navigate and the stations are conveniently located.
It never seems as though you are far from a station at any time from any point in the city.
Some us in English but the colors and numbers helped make it easy.
Low cost to ride, can get you almost anywhere in Seoul.
Best Metro ride whole world.
The ride was the quietest I ever had.
Nobody spoke on their phone and handphone games was played with the headset.
Korean Subway is really cool and people are friendly.
Easy to locate and fastest way to reach my destination. I can save a lot rather riding a cab.
Convenient and hassle free way to move around the city, avoiding horrid traffic congestions.
Interlinked underground walkways with many small shops selling a variety of things from shoes, wigs, dresses, music stores and opticians.
Fast, clean and efficient.
Very comfortable and gets you almost everywhere in Seoul.
On-time, valuable for money, convenient.
Seoul's transportation system is the best in the world bar none.
Good apps for subway and bus lines, which not surprisingly run on time.
Reading the metro map of Seoul is an easy way to move around in this grand metropolis.
This may sound weird but I really did enjoy my trips around Seoul on the train.
It is pretty fast, convenient and clean.
We have an equally efficient metro system back in my own country but I just loved how I could get to literally anywhere in Seoul via the train.
Transfers to different lines are possible at almost every other station.
Another thing I really enjoyed was the night view whenever I was on the train that had to go from the Northern part of Seoul to the South and vice versa.
Good Transport system.
Cheap and fast way to travel in Seoul.
Frequency of metro is good.
Clean and Air conditioned travel.
Very easy to navigate around the city with.
All you need is about 30 minutes to study where you want to go and jump on the train and enjoy.
Unlike some American and European subway systems, the Seoul subway is very clean and organized, which immediately made me like it.
Most stops have multiple exits depending on what side of the street you need. It is common to meet friends at a specific exit of a station.
Koreans, and other foreigners, are wonderfully helpful if you cannot figure out where you're going.
Efficient and cheap.
It's fast, cheap, reliable, ultra clean, and efficient.
Very easy to use with even if you do not read Korean.
Definitely get a T-money card once you arrive in Seoul and try to take the train as it's super easy and cheap.
They display the station you are currently in and the previous station and the next station right above the door as you wait for the train.
They also announce the stop in Korean and English.
Trains are very clean, fast and comfortable.
I didn't smell anything when we were riding on the train.
Best way of getting around Seoul and easy enough to master.
All stations are announced in English as well as Korean.
The subway is efficient and very clean.
The ticket machines were easy to use, the stops on the train would be announced in Korean, Japanese, Mandarin, and English.
There are underground passageways that you can walk through after exiting train in the station, with signage specific to where it leads to, easy to navigate and convenient.
The Seoul metro is efficient and clean.
Very user friendly. Almost impossible to get lost.
Easy to buy your ticket from the machines and get your deposit back. Fairly priced for any destination.
Cheapest, fastest, easiest way to get around in Seoul.
The metro station is truly easy to get around as they have English words and announcement inside the train for every station.
Their officer at the train station are fairly helpful too though sometimes they're not too good in English speaking.
All station names are written out for English speakers, too.
Particulary helpful are the numbered exits, which make it very easy to find your way out at the right end.
The metro in Seoul was easy to use.
There are even occasionally people at the ticket machines to help with getting tickets.
The stations are clean and well marked.
Reasonably easy to follow the directions.
They have subway trains almost everywhere for mode of transportation. Really convenient to get from a place to another.
Very convenient, easy access to everywhere and very economical compared with taxi fare. No traffic jams and connect to all the popular tourist resorts and shopping centres.