0	Seoul subway station. Always clean, tidy and safe.
0	I think my favorite thing about the Seoul subway system is that every stop has clean.
0	The seoul subway is so user friendly that travel across the city's easy.
0	The Seoul South Korean subway transit system is elaborate and amazing.
0	The metro is clean, frequent and spacious.
0	Trains run frequently and are very clean. Well thought out navigation aids such as maps in Latin as well as Korean alphabet, clearly marked neighborhood maps guide travelers to the correct exit.
0	Clean, modern , signs in English. Lots of shops. Easy to negotiate.
0	Take it. Take the subway no matter where you are going. It's SO friendly. Easy. Safe. Understandable. Everything is in Korean AND English. And it takes you almost anywhere.
0	There are clean bathrooms at most major stops. The prepaid tap card system makes getting around very easy.
0	The Metro is super easy once you get used to it. The directions are named by most popular stops, which was a bit confusing for me at first.
0	Subway might be the most convenient way to travel in Seoul.
0	Trying to get home in Seoul using the subway. Help. Actually its easy. Follow the blue, then the orange.  I think.
0	Seoul subway. comfortable seating, clean, spacious and eerily quiet. Could get used to this.
0	Love that the Seoul Subway is so comfortable. When moving between cars, many of the newer subways have automatic.
0	I'll admit, we were lost many times but we have found that people in Seoul are very kind and helpful and will help you find your way and explain how to naviguate through it.
1	I hate transfering in the wrong stop because i ll need 30 min more to catch up, that s why i hate metro system in korea.
1	Very complicated since it has so many lines. Directions in English are not always clear, especially which is the terminal stations one is going towards.
1	I had a hard time with Seoul subway system. So complex, it is very confusing yet fun.
1	Took the Seoul subway today! For a place that's slightly smaller that Singapore, it's train system is more complex
1	Seoul subway is s crowded even on Saturday.
1	It's not baby friendly. Most of the connecting station and exit only has staircase, and it's very difficult to bring baby out with stroller.
1	There are lots of stairs though into the station to walk up.
1	It might take you a long time and you might not have a place to sit.
1	If you don't stay close to the door, good luck getting off at your stop because people don't move and you literally have to shove your way off.
1	What I don't like was that if you are on the wrong side of the platform, you have to walk a very long way to go the right side.
1	Metro Madness in Seoul this afternoon. Just as uncomfortable as it looks.
1	The Seoul subway is mostly standing room so it sucks right now because I feel like passing out.
1	People are so rude and ill mannered, they push and bang into you without pardoning themselves or apologize for tripping you over.
1	Always I have several time problems to understand were I should go to get to the right place.
1	Sometimes can be very tricky to find the right way, strange connections.